Now with the current state here, we're not executing any animation, we're not executing any code besides
logging it to the console
but you see that all these events get emitted and our hooks get called.
Now before we start adding some javascript code, I want to highlight something.
We're not using css here, right,
we're doing everything through javascript which is why we need to call the done function down there.
Now if we don't use css, we might also tell vuejs, we don't get an error if we don't tell it
but if we do tell it, it can skip the step of determining whether we do have a css animation attached
or not.
Because keep in mind, if we don't have name set up, that doesn't mean it doesn't look for css classes
to attach,
it means it looks to attach v-enter, v-enter-active and so on and it will find that these classes don't
exist but we can skip this checking if we know well we won't attach once because we don't want to use
them here.
So you can tell it by adding colon css false,
now colon css instead of just css because we want to pass a boolean here and not pass false as a
string,
this is why we need to use attribute binding.
Now with false being passed here, this means don't look for css classes,
we don't use them
so you may skip the step and you immediately execute these hooks here, so that we can take over
with javascript.